welcome to the man of recaps this is
better call Saul season 2 in the future
saul goodman's hiding out as the manager
of a Cinnabon he gets the door locked on
him one day in the trash room and he
could use the emergency exit but he
can't deal with the cops so he has to
wait till someone comes through but back
in the present which is in the past
Jimmy McGill has just turned down a
great job offer at a law firm to be a
full-time con artist his crush Kim
Wexler is harshing on his buzz but he's
like yo babe look I was born to be a con
artist see that stockbroker over there
well hey me and my sister just came into
a bunch of money we don't know anything
about investing so they get him to buy
$100 shots of tequila and stick him with
the bill the excitement is kind of a
turn-on for Kim so these two hook up and
basically are dating from here on out
but Jimmy got that out of his system and
he decides to take the amazing job at
Davis and main he gets his own corner
office in a sweet company car although
the cup holder doesn't quite fit his
favorite mug meanwhile Mike Ehrmantraut
got a recurring job as a bodyguard for
this nerdy pharmacist selling pills to
nacho but one day dude shows up in the
coolest car I've ever seen and Mike's
like yo there's no way I'm going to a
drug deal in this thing so pharmacist
decides to go alone
nachos like a nice car and without Mike
there watching his back he just checks
the guy's address and boom obviously
breaks in steals all the drugs and the
guy is dumb enough to call the cops
because nacho also stole his prized
baseball card collection of course the
cops immediately suspect he's a drug
dealer and Mike's like wow you idiot
I'll take care of this so he finds that
nachos dad runs a car upholstery
business and he's like yo man you got to
give him the baseball cards back he's so
dumb he called the cops plus I know you
were doing this deal secretly without
telling your boss Tuco Salamanca who
will murder you if he finds out so nacho
gives them the baseball cards back but
as part of the deal the dude's got a
hand over his ridiculous Hummer the cops
are still suspicious though of what was
in his hidey-hole
so Jimmy spins an incredible tale of it
was some homemade porn but not just any
porn a pie sitting porn that this guy
makes and no one wants to ask any
follow-up questions on that so he's free
to go so Jimmy's working on the big
Sandpiper case that's a assisted living
facility that's been overcharging all
these old folks and Jimmy is really good
with old folks so he gets a bunch of him
to join in on the class-action suit but
there's a dozen more Sandpiper locations
that aren't responding to the mailer and
Jimmy's like hey boss
TV is the future
we gotta run a commercial guys like
television commercial yes we've done one
before you know what let's talk about it
on Monday but the last commercial they
ran was absolutely awful so Jimmy
decides to make his own with a little
more showmanship it's a huge success
lots of people calling in
but when Jimmy shows his boss they're
like I can't believe you ran this
without our permission this is not what
our firms about and over at Hamlin
Hamlin McGill Kim gets in huge trouble
for being associated with Jimmy they put
her down in the back room doing files
now nacho respects Mike's skills and
he's like hey I want you to kill my boss
Tuco Salamanca because he's unhinged and
at any moment he might snap and kill me
no Mikey doesn't do assassination jobs
but he does want money to help his
daughter-in-law and granddaughter move
into a better neighborhood so he thinks
about buying a sniper rifle turns out he
was an elite sniper back in Nam but he
has a better idea one that'll make Tuco
go away without getting murdered
he pre calls the cops and then dings
Tuco's car to Coco's crazy and steals
the guy's wallet but Mike grabs him and
he takes an epic beating waiting for the
cops to show up and Tuco had an
unlicensed firearm so he's going away
for a long time so Jimmy's real upset
they've changed his commercial they've
assigned this annoying girl to babysit
everything he does he can't even bribe
people with beanie babies anymore and he
realizes that his cup holder is
symbolism he's just not a good fit for
this job unfortunately if he quits he
does not get his excellent signing bonus
so he resolves to get fired starts
wearing crazy colored suits like Saul
Goodman used to do he does some other
shenanigans like playing bagpipes until
finally he's fired and keeps his bonus
Tim Lexington going through all her old
contacts to get out of the doghouse one
comes through her old friend Paige works
for a big local bank Mesa Verde she gets
them to sign with HHM which is a big win
but she's still in the doghouse over
there so she starts entertaining offers
from rival law firms Mike gets an offer
from Hector Salamanca the old part el
guy that was in the nursing home in
Breaking Bad he's like hey sorry about
my nephew Tuco beating you up but the
gun charge is gonna put him away for too
long I want you to say that it was your
gun and I'll pay you $5,000 to do so the
implication is otherwise I'll kill you
so Mike goes home alone on these guys
he's got the paper under the mat so when
he goes in he's ready for him boom
that's these bunks out sends him on
their way but then he gets a new threat
from the murder twins from Breaking Bad
take that threat seriously and they're
pointing it at his granddaughter so he
goes to see Hector he's like fine I'll
do it but for $50,000 and the Hector's
like oh this guy's got balls all right
fine now Jimmy freshly fired wants to
start his own law firm as partners with
Kim but Kim's like hey are you gonna
play fast and loose with the law and
he's like yeah probably she's like look
how about we do separate law firms but
we can share an office
so Jimmy gets to make a commercial his
way which is sneaking onto an airbase
and sneaking onto a school but it turns
out amazing and he's got lots of old
people coming in Kim puts in her
resignation at HHM and even though she's
only one person she gets Mesa Verde to
come with her but Jimmy's brother Chuck
won't go down without a fight
remember he's got that condition where
he can't be around electricity but he
Braves it to go out for a meeting and
gives them a real good pitch they
decided to stick with HHM it takes a lot
out of him though so for the first time
since their falling-out Jimmy decides to
check on his brother
but while Chuck's sleeping he sees the
Mesa Verde files and Kim really needed
that client so he does something
slightly illegal he doctors the files to
change the address so the bank's legal
thing is denied Charles looks like a
huge failure and Mesa Verde decides to
go back to Kim now Mike wants to take
down Hector Salamanca for threatening
his granddaughter so he spies on their
operations until he finds the trucks
that bring drugs into America hijacks
one and steals all the cash that they
hidden and the tires but Mike decides
that's not enough he doesn't normally
kill people but Hector Salamanca
deserves to die but when he gets to
their hideout he can't get a clear shot
and back in his car someone's left a
note for him that says don't what who
even knew he was here now Chuck knows
that he couldn't have made a mistake he
goes to a local copy shop and he's like
hey has my brother been here but of
course Jimmy was there and already paid
the guy off so Chuck's the electricity
oh he passes out hits his head ouch so
Chuck's back in the hospital the doctors
like don't worry he's fine except for
his mental condition about the
electricity you really need to have him
committed so he can get help but Jimmy's
like now I'm not gonna do that to my
brother
so Jimmy goes to check on him but now
he's gone full-on tinfoil crazy shots
like Al Jimmy if I made that mistake
maybe I'm losing my mind
and Jimmy feels bad so he's like look I
won't ever admit to this publicly but I
did doctor those files you're not crazy
but little did he know chuck was tape
recording him oh and that's how season 2
comes to an end
[Music]